Ugh! This fry
is still frozen in the middle.
Whoa, curly fries again?
Th... Those are a dollar more.
How do you guys afford them every day?
Babysitting, dingus!
You're all babysitting now?
How come I didn't hear about this?
Our apologies.
We must have been talking
about it in the curly fry line.
Why are curly fries
more expensive anyway?
'Cause you get so much more fry.
And I'm not out of potato, Steve.
I'm out of arm.
Billy, come here!
Hello, fellow babysitters.
Him, too?
Let's show Steve what this fry can do.
Oh, hell yeah.
Let's blow this tater hater's mind.
I've reached the door.
I'm going off campus.
I'm getting on the bus to Chimdale.
Wow, I'm sold.
The curly fries, the babysitting,
the whole damn thing.
Wrap it up, I'll take it.
Do my eyes deceive me?
Billy?
Oh, the wonders I've seen.
Crossed the Sahara on foot,
made love to an Eskimo,
had a spicy soup.
I lived a full, rich life.
And the fry never touched the ground.
Not even on my wedding night.
Or the day I buried my son, Mitsuhiro.
But here's your fry.
I lost my flip-flops
over the Indian Ocean.
Not your red Havaianas!
It was the red Havaianas.
♪ Good morning, U.S.A. ♪
♪ I got a feelin'
that it's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ The sun in the sky has
a smile on his face ♪
♪ And he's shinin'
a salute to the American race ♪
♪ Oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
- ♪ Good... ♪
- ♪ Good morning, U.S.A. ♪
Aah!
♪ Good morning, U.S.A. ♪
Listen up, because
I'm only going to say this once.
I have an interest.
Oh, that's great, honey!
Oh, phew. I thought you guys
would think I was weird.
The CIA has an Exotic Food Club,
and I gotsta get in!
This club eats crazy stuff and...
Stop right there... I gotta hear more!
Well, in order to gain membership,
I must present an exotic
food to the committee.
You probably won't see me for a while.
'Cause if I get in, I'm going to
Mexico by myself to celebrate.
Looks like you and Jeff have
the house to yourself tonight,
'cause I have Moms Club.
Was that "opportunity"
I just heard a-knocking?
Maybe you can spread
the word at Moms Club,
I'm getting into the babysitting game.
No, absolutely not.
You're not ready to babysit.
Wait, what? All my friends
are babysitting, why can't I?
You still have me take
your temperature rectally.
Yeah, it's more accurate.
You panic easily, you're neurotic,
you're afraid of your own shadow...
Ha-ha, what?
M-Me and my shadow are totally cool now.
Ah!
Please, Mom, this means a lot to me.
Tell you what...
If you can tell me which
hand the strawberry's in,
you're ready.
I knew you weren't ready.
Whoa!
That's how you babysit.
Whoa, a strawberry gun.
No, Jeff! Don't!
Thanks for your business, Leo.
We'll get you there next time, buddy.
I knew Leo wasn't going to orgasm.
In fact, I made sure of it.
He doesn't know,
but I've been working against him.
Leo's got it easy compared to me.
Mom won't let me babysit.
She keeps treating me like
I'm still some helpless, little child.
Kids are no joke.
I learned that the hard
way after Rogu was born.
You remember Rogu...
Rogu? Maybe? Rogu? My baby!
Probably heard the rumor
that he used to be my tumor.
He's Rogu, my baby... he's here!
Anyway, that little rhyme's
how I remember who he is.
Do you keep Rogu in
the room while you...?
Punch aluminum-siding
salesmen in the balls?
Yes, Steve. But I always put Rogu
in the bath with his favorite music.
Hey, buddy!
♪ The itsy bitsy Rogu was
wearing his headphones ♪
♪ Because his dad was
giving a rusty trombone... ♪
This way,
he has no idea what's going on.
Rogu is Daddy!
Yeah...
maybe I should do my
dates outside the house.
I know! How about
you watch Rogu while I'm out,
and afterwards, I'll tell Francine
what a great job you did.
She'll have to admit you're ready.
That's perfect!
I-I can start tonight
while she's at her club.
Car go through tunnel.
Aww. I taught him that.
If he gets cranky,
just rock him to sleep.
Sleep fixes everything.
- Anything else?
- Three important rules.
Absolutely no candy, no screen time,
and don't let him look at my ant farm.
He didn't want to chip in for it,
so he doesn't get to enjoy it.
I'm off to Moms Club.
We're going to the Sharks game.
Gettin' there early.
I heard they got a new
Port-A-Potty outside gate J,
and I'd really like to
break that thing in.
Now it's just you and me.
Should I order us some Domino's?
Rogu no do chain restaurants.
- Seriously?
- Ha-ha, Rogu joke.
Rogu eat from trash can.
Stan, we're thrilled you're interested
in the CIA's Exotic Food Club.
But maybe we weren't clear
on what our objective is.
For example, when my boy Wolfgang
auditioned for our club,
he brought in deep-fried pigeon feet.
Wait, that's Wolfgang?
I assumed you were Wolfgang.
No, I'm Dale.
Oh, then who's Vorasmus?
She's sick. Anyway, Stan,
you've brought in what appears
to be gas station coffee cake.
It's Entenmann's!
You're not getting it.
We told you to bring something exotic.
Oh, I thought you said "quixotic."
So you feel...
that the Entenmann's is quixotic?
Yeah, I was banking on no
one knowing what that meant.
Why don't I just try again?
Stan, leave the Entenmann's.
Do you want more, Rogu?
This means more.
Hey, Helen Keller. Keep it down.
Me and my fellow code-monkeys
are mining for Bitcoins.
I got so many. I'm gonna be so rich.
You're just writing "Bitcoin"
over and over in a Word document.
Okay, man,
one of us is drowning in cryptocurrency,
and one of us is being
paid five bucks an hour
to watch a farting tumor.
Actually, I'm babysitting Rogu for free
to prove to Mom I'm ready...
Oh, my God.
I didn't ask for your life story.
Unless you'd be willing to sell it.
How does... three Bitcoins sound?
This is a restraining order against you
- from that girl who...
- Oh, man. I got hacked!
Unh-unh. Roger said no candy.
Okay.
But promise to tell Roger how
good of a babysitter I was.
Rogu! Rogu!
What the...
Oh, no! That's why no candy?!
What the hell?!
I don't know why you're shocked, man.
Rogu's crazy. He does crazy shit.
When Roger said not to feed them candy,
I didn't think they'd multiply!
I think I know one way
we can fix this problem.
Really? What?
Are you sure you want to hear about it?
Because you've gotten mad
when I've tried to discuss this before.
Oh, my God. I'm not going to
that church with you, Klaus.
It's a cool church, Steve.
The preacher wears jeans.
There's a rock band.
The preacher's wife
is a graphic designer.
Do you get the picture I'm painting?
I-I'll just call Roger.
He'll know how to defuse this.
See! I do have a girlfriend!
All those candles I bought
were for someone who exists!
So who's the liar now, Brad?!
Damn it, straight to voicemail.
Just call your mom.
She can't know I'm babysitting,
much less screwing it up.
Where did he get that candy?
I keep loose gummy worms
under the couch cushions.
What? Wait!
Aaah!
Should we just call
Terminix and call it a day?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Klaus, we... we got to do something.
I already did.
I gave the shy Rogu a bottle to spin.
- Oooooh.
Rogu have errand to run.
Oh, no!
Back inside, Rogu.
But Rogu have score to settle.
They're all gone.
They did it.
They finally moved to big city.
♪ I have tons of boys ♪
Whoa. How did you get them to calm down?
No thang, I just threw on
some random YouTube video.
First of all, Roger said no screen time!
And second, this is not random.
This is your song.
Steve, this song
belongs to the world now.
You saw what happened
when they ate candy.
God knows what your janky-ass
video will do to them.
Janky-ass?
Not according to the comments.
Listen. VapePimp77 refers to it as...
"I make $200 a day working from home."
Oh. My. God.
Yeah, that's pretty big
coming from VapePimp.
He's growing!
W-We got to get him outside!
Come on, Rogu.
You want screen time?
Yes, but better video.
Screw you, Rogu.
I make you all big,
and now you're shitting on my song?
Rogu want...
♪ And I gotta have a Nutri-Grain
bar and Mountain Dew! ♪
♪ Nutri-Grain bar and a Mountain Dew ♪
- ♪ Nutri-Grain bar and a Mountain Dew ♪
- Oh, balls.
♪ Every day ♪
More. More screen time.
Ooooh.
Well, that was crazy.
Want to go grab a bite to eat?
This is terrible!
I just unleashed a monster on our town.
Mom's never gonna let me babysit now!
Yes, those problems are of
equal weight and importance.
We have to fix this. Let's go.
I'm in,
but we'll be having a long talk later
about what you've done to the lawn.
Shameful.
_
Uh, excuse me. I need an exotic dish
that will impress some
real adventurous foodies.
Those canned oysters up there,
no one's ever adventured to eat those.
That's pretty high.
How are we supposed to get those down?
Well, now they're too low, Tom.
♪ Cut my life into pieces ♪
♪ This is my last resort ♪
♪ Suffocation, no breathing ♪
♪ Don't give a hoot if I
cut my arm bleeding... ♪
Beep. Beep.
- Car go through tunnel.
- ♪ This is my last resort ♪
♪ This is my last resort ♪
Klaus, my mom is at that game.
We have to get Rogu away from there.
I got it!
- Hey!
- It's okay. We don't need it.
Chcka-chcka-boom-boomboom!
Uh-chunka- chunkachunka-boom!
Splash! Duka-duka-duka-duka!
Choo-choo-choo-choo-choo! Boom!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
See? It's working!
Screen time.
Look at this antique nickel I found
at the bottom of one of the toilets!
Look! Excuse me!
Hello?
♪ Three blind guys, three blind guys ♪
♪ Sperm in their eyes,
sperm in their eyes ♪
♪ This actually might be my lucky day ♪
- ♪ I'm taking their wallets and running away ♪
- Daddy have voice of angel.
- ♪ Three blind guys, three blind guys ♪
- It's working!
♪ Rogu's in the bathtub
while Daddy's with a John ♪
♪ With a uh-huh here
and a don't stop there ♪
Yay, Daddy.
♪ "Oh, God!" ♪
Okay, we can steer him.
Where the hell do we want to go?
I heard New Orleans is dank as hell.
Wait, Rogu likes to be rocked to sleep.
Oh, perfect, and did you forget
that this nerd is three stories tall?!
No, the Viking Ship!
We need to get him on that ride!
Roger said sleep fixes everything!
♪ Something something La Cucaracha ♪
♪ Rogu's in the bathtub
while Daddy's with a John ♪
♪ With a uh-huh here
and a don't stop there ♪
♪ Here an uuughhh, there an uggghhh ♪
♪ Everywhere an "Oh, God!" ♪
♪ Three blind guys, three blind guys ♪
♪ Sperm in their eyes,
sperm in their eyes ♪
♪ This actually might be my lucky day ♪
♪ I'm taking their
wallets and running away ♪
♪ Three blind guys, three blind guys ♪
You did it!
I've used lesser occasions than this
as an excuse to break out the Cubans.
Steve, have you never seen
me smoke a cigar before?
You're in for a treat.
It's the CIA!
Where's the big one?
Ah, forget about him.
Bring me that
delicious-looking creature.
No!
Rogu!
No, boy-whose-name-I-didn't-catch.
This better be good.
I'm missing the halftime show.
Ronnie from "Jersey Shore"
is trying to drink a big
thing of salsa onstage.
Ugh. "Where were you when
Ronnie drank the stuff?"
I was in the parking
lot with two nutsacks.
I'm sorry, Mom. I really messed up.
Roger let me babysit Rogu so
I could prove to you I could!
And now the CIA has him!
I knew your ass wasn't ready.
The CIA, huh?
Lucky for you, I slap uglies
with a guy who works there.
Ugh, can't you call it making love?
And can't you just call him Dad?
I'm on the phone!
I can see the glint of the oyster can.
You sure you don't want something else?
Wait, actually,
do you have that prehistoric fish,
the whatchamacallit, the...
the coelacanth?
- Unfortunately, no.
- Did you check in the back?
- No, I never left.
- Then it's hole time, baby.
He's not answering.
Well, that's the risk you
take when you use a phone.
I'm out.
Don't worry, Steve.
You forget that I'm here with...
Moms Club.
Leave it to us.
But you said the same thing
when I found that lump behind my ear...
and it just keeps getting bigger.
Moms Club will get to it.
Right after we kick some ass.
Moms Club!
Oh, my God.
Yeah, Steve. We're moms, but we're cool.
Rogu, are you in here?
Cool.
Check it out.
I'm Doctor Fart Face,
and I need 10cc of diarrhea.
Shh! You're embarrassing yourself.
That's not what Doctor
Fart Face sounds like.
Uh-oh. Steve's clearly
lost his funny bone.
We need to revive it. Boop!
Where's Rogu?
- D-Did you hurt him?
- It's hard to say.
You see, we jammed him
through a sausage grinder
and microwaved him on
the popcorn setting.
Mwah!
You ate him?! Why?!
Because we're the Exotic Food Club.
And there's nothing more exotic
than that little mutant of yours.
I can't believe he's gone.
I-I just... I just wish
I could have done more.
More! Rogu's still alive!
And I know how to get him out of there.
Hey, Rogu. You want some screen time?
♪ Nutri-Grain bar and a Mountain Dew ♪
No! I've never met a dish
I couldn't hold down.
That's, like,
the coolest thing about me.
Rogu, you're okay!
Ehh?
Yeah, I don't... I don't want that.
Seriously. Put it... Just put it...
Put it down!
Now come here and hug me.
Sorry, bud.
I wanted to take care of you,
but Mom was right...
I'm clearly not ready.
Look, Steve, when I said
you weren't ready to babysit,
I guess I meant I wasn't
ready for you to babysit.
What?
See, once you're old enough
to take care of kids,
it means you don't need
me to take care of you.
Mom, I'll always need you.
I mean, look how badly
I screwed this up.
Oh, Steve.
I'll make you a deal.
When I'm old and my memory is shot
and I'm losing control of my bowels,
I'll move into your home and
you can babysit me every day.
"Who peed on the couch," you'll say,
pretending you don't know.
And I'll blame it on the wild dogs
I keep claiming to see
around the neighborhood.
Yay.
Canned oysters!
Aw, man, I missed the entire meal?
More for me, I guess.
Did Roger say anything
about Rogu and shellfish?
Steve! Steve!
You're not gonna believe it, Steve!
The Sharks won!
They did it! They won!
I'm a sports fan now.
Bye. Have a great time.
- synced and corrected by sot26 -
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org